[mystical music]
[Fymryn] I heard voices raised in prayer,
and so I've come.
[Mylur] Goddess, I am Mylur,
Captain of the Dark Moon Order.
I felt Selemene pass, but then I felt you.
I don't understand.
Selemene, Mene, these are only names.
We do not worship names.
We worship the night. We worship shadow.
We love her together.
The Dark Moon has passed.
Today, a new moon rises.
Let the world know there is safety here,
protected by the New Moon Order.
Open the Nightsilver Woods.
[theme music]
[Mirana] Davion. Davion, wake up.
-[Luna] He looks dead.
-Shake it off, kid.
Davion, you okay?
[groans]
-Remember that night in Weeping Rose?
-[Bram] Yeah.
Remember the next day?
Oh, ouch.
[Invoker] Foulfell shares
the same structure as the rest of reality.
It still requires light,
gravity, substance.
This is why we can get in.
This is how God Empress Mirana
can get us out.
Crazy, stupid.
-Apparently, it's what I do, too.
-I'm living proof.
Not you.
No. No, I'm… I'm coming with you.
We may go there and die.
Or we may win, but still die.
I've earned this.
What more do I have to prove?
[Kaden] Nothing.
You know everything there is to know
about dragons.
You know the traditions of Dragon Hold.
You learned the secrets of the Forge.
We can't afford to lose that.
-[Bram] Well, there's--
-Father.
What? Father?
Me? But I'm… I'm just a--
It's not about who's strongest or oldest,
or who killed the most wyrmlings.
It's about who's best equipped
to teach and lead
the next generation of Dragon Knights.
[pensive music]
So, when you come back,
I get to tell you what to do?
[grunts]
No.
When you're ready, Your Majesty,
I will reach into your mind
and provide our destination.
You need to only think it,
and we will travel.
I'm ready.
[Invoker] A warning.
Foulfell is unlike
anything you've experienced.
It's a prison
where demons consign their own
to drive them mad
with their darkest regrets.
Didn't do much to Terrorblade.
The demons erred.
Terrorblade is incapable of regret.
Prepare yourselves.
Our enemy awaits in the hell of Hells.
[grandiose music]
-[Mirana] I caused all of this.
-[Davion] No. No, it can't be.
-[Luna] I thought I had no choice.
-[Kaden] I wanted to change my fate.
[villages screaming]
No, no, no. No, it can't be.
[clamoring]
No.
Davi, you shouldn't be out.
Find your mother. Find shelter. Go.
[rumbling]
Davi, go. Run!
[sentimental music]
Papa.
[foreboding music]
[Dyfed] You killed us all.
[grunts]
[Dyfed] My pod, my family.
Adara had only love in her heart.
Idwal could always bring
a smile to your face.
You killed us all.
I only did as my goddess commanded.
[Dyfed] You were sent
to recover the lotuses,
but you chose to murder us in our sleep.
[Luna] The prophecy.
I thought, I thought I had no choice.
[Dyfed] Of course, you did.
You made the same choice you always make.
But you didn't stop with us.
[Dyfed] You carried death to the enclaves
like a plague with a will of its own.
The elves, the Dark Moon Order.
How many lives needlessly lost?
You enjoyed it.
The smell of blood aroused you.
[Luna] I am, I'm a soldier.
[Dyfed] No.
You are a scourge.
You should have died in Coedwig.
-You should have died by Fymryn's hand.
-[groans]
[gasps, grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[Luna] Yes.
[Dyfed] Death isn't done with you.
[sentimental music]
Kaden.
You're here.
You came back.
They said there were no survivors.
There weren't.
Come. There's someone you have to meet.
[baby coos]
[woman] Our son.
I… You never told me. I didn't know.
You never returned from Leathsham.
But you're home now, my love.
Stay with us.
A son.
[worshippers] Blessed be
the path of Selemene.
May her light be a beacon in darkness
and cleanse the world of evil.
By moon's holy light, we pray.
My temple has been defiled.
My lotuses' stolen.
A thief from the outer lands.
A heretic allowed to enter,
allowed to leave.
I allowed her to escape.
I failed you, goddess.
I caused all of this.
You disappoint me, child.
You disappoint everyone.
Sooner or later, you fail us all.
[suspenseful music]
[Terrorblade] Your allies are lost.
Trapped in hells of their own making.
You miscalculated.
Now, give me what you owe.
The five remaining dragon souls.
[Invoker] That's not how this story ends.
[laughs]
This is how every story ends.
In death. In regret.
[Invoker grunts]
[Invoker groans]
-[Invoker grunting]
-[Terrorblade] You cannot maintain this.
Your life force is finite.
You will wither and die.
You are also in a hell of your own.
It just happens to be the world
in which you already live.
[Selemene] So much potential wasted.
You fly from shelter to shelter,
hoping for someone to save you.
Terrified of your own weakness.
Now, you call yourself a goddess.
Goddess of nothing.
The great tragedy of a star
is to know all things emerge from her,
and then, over countless eons,
watch them die until only she remains.
Burnt out, a forgotten cinder,
floating alone in the void
with no one for company but me.
I will never cast you out.
I will merely wait for you to extinguish.
[Kaden] I know what I left behind.
-This is where I belong.
-[baby coos]
[baby cries]
Don't… Don't leave us again.
I said I'll stay.
-My boy.
-[woman] Kaden, no.
[sobbing]
[woman] Kaden, I need you. We need you.
I'm here. I want to change my fate.
Don't go. We can be a family.
-[baby crying]
-[coughs]
[Kaden] No.
My love.
[indistinct screaming]
Papa! Wait, Papa!
Go home. Run!
Papa, look out!
-[grunts]
-[screams]
No.
A sacrifice made in vain.
Their lives for yours.
The unworthy. The monster.
[tragic music]
Mama.
[panting]
[sobbing]
[approaching footsteps]
What?
[Dragon Knight] When you're old enough,
when you're ready,
take this to Dragon Hold.
[Dragon Knight] They'll know what to do.
[Invoker grunting]
[suspenseful music]
[Terrorblade] Beg me to take
the dragon souls.
[Invoker] To Mene's moon, we pray.
[grunts]
Crescent light upon us all.
[Terrorblade laughing]
[Terrorblade] Prayer to a dead goddess
cannot save you.
Now, for all your power,
for the thousand years you've squandered,
after all that pain and struggle,
we come to the end of your story.
But only the beginning of mine.
[Invoker] It wasn't a prayer.
[pants]
It was an invocation.
[shatters]
Demon!
[explosions]
I let myself in.
[Fymryn] I'll be letting them out.
[Fymryn] Selemene is dead.
I am alone.
-I am nothing.
-You are not alone.
And you are far more than nothing.
-[Luna] You?
-They call you the Scourge.
[Fymryn] It only matters
if that is what you want to be,
what you choose to be.
This is Foulfell.
I'm… I'm in Foulfell.
[Fymryn] And we need you.
Enough blood for the dead.
The elf girl.
It's time to fight for the living.
[hopeful music]
-A sacrifice out of love is not in vain.
-[Davion] Fymryn?
Gods, Fymryn. How did you get here?
-Where have you been?
-My shadow is everywhere. As am I.
Even here.
Terrorblade.
[intense music]
[breathes heavily]
Child of Mene.
First, a thief. Now, a murderer.
I've come to kill you, demon.
Let's get on with it.
Fymryn can't do this alone.
How do we help her?
-How do we kill him?
-Let the thunder speak.
[ominous music]
[grunting]
[groans]
[grunts]
Dreamer of a godling.
[Terrorblade] Your stories never end
the way you hope.
[groaning]
[grunts]
Your lies have no power over me.
But it's the truth
that hurts the most, isn't it?
-It cuts the deepest. Burns the hottest.
-[gasping]
[groans]
The truth? The truth is,
I have nothing but regrets.
But I face them.
I'm not afraid of you
because I'm not afraid of me.
[Terrorblade] Then die unafraid.
[screams]
[Fymryn groans]
[breathes heavily]
[growls lightly]
You want the dragon souls?
[Davion/Thunder] Take them.
[growls]
[growling, screeching]
[tense music]
[growling]
[suspenseful music]
[crackling]
[growls]
[grunts]
[Davion/Thunder] The primal forces
of nature are not your playthings, demon.
-[growls]
-[crackling]
I will bend them to my will.
It is inevitable. It is already written.
[both growl]
[Miranda groans]
[dragons growling]
-Keep them away from Davion.
-They won't touch him.
Leave the fucking dragons to me.
[growls]
[roars]
[groans]
[shrieks]
[grunting]
[Sagan growls]
[roars]
[screams]
[Sagan growls]
[rumbles]
[explosions]
[rumbling]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[thrilling music]
[groans]
[growls]
[grunting]
[explosion]
[Adara] Scourge!
Aah!
[grunts]
Are you prepared
for the endless death you deserve?
[grunts]
[growls]
[Kaden grunts]
[Kaden breathing heavily]
[panting]
-[groans]
-Kaden.
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
[growls]
[screams]
[action music]
[Father] You wasted your life
on senseless slaughter.
The blood of a thousand dragons
can't wash away your shame
or bring back your brothers.
[Kaden] I don't fight for the dead.
I fight for the living!
[victorious music]
[grunting]
[tense music]
[Luna] No more regrets.
No more scourge.
[screams]
-Sagan, takka!
-[Sagan growls]
-[roaring in distance]
-[grunts]
[Terrorblade] You've chosen to die here.
Pointlessly.
[growls]
[suspenseful music]
The dragon souls burn within you.
Killing you.
You can't fight forever.
[grunts]
[Davion/Thunder] It doesn't
have to be forever.
Just long enough.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
You fought well,
but there was never a hope for you.
Any of you.
You played at being gods.
You played at redemption.
You pretended to matter.
But it was only a play.
A dance in shadow.
Now you're on your knees,
having accomplished what?
[grunts]
Poor Davion,
another sacrifice made in vain.
Still just a boy
unworthy of his father's blood,
his mother's ashes.
All too human.
[grunts]
[panting]
Brave, indomitable.
I understand why Slyrak chose you.
I want… I want to make a deal.
You have nothing left to offer me.
Hear me out, okay?
All you have to do is stand here.
Stand here and gloat…
and I'll just fucking kill you.
[victorious music]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[shattering]
[explosions]
[Sagan growls]
[Mirana] Davion.
Davion.
You look terrible. Were you in a fight?
[chuckles]
Yes.
We won. And no thanks to you.
Mirana.
Don't say it.
Not a word.
[somber music]
[sniffs]
Oh!
You have to let him go.
[Sagan growls softly]
This isn't done.
[Invoker] Do not mourn
the passing of the old world.
Embrace, instead, the coming of the new.
Filomena would not want this.
She will awaken to a better world.
You will all awaken to a better world.
What have you done? Why?
I think you of all people
would understand, Your Majesty,
what we owe those we love…
and those we've lost.
[rumbling]
[crackling]
[grunting]
Remember.
[tranquil music]
We must be very quiet,
or we'll scare it away.
Watch carefully. The moth spins the silk.
See? Isn't it wonderful?
[Selemene] It is wonderful, my love.
Beyond words.
And you, Papa, did you know it?
Did I discover it?
Yes, Filomena, I believe you did.
[closing theme music]